README.md, before:

# Money Burned: [your-repo-name]

This repository is one of several reference implementations of the "Money Burned" application to illustrate the use of a specific development technology/platform. To learn more about it, check out the [organization profile](https://github.com/Money-Burned).  

[A few words about what makes this implementaion useful and relevant.]

## Quick facts

- Application type: **[Desktop-/Mobile-/Web-App]**
- Available for: **[OS-and-Runtime-Environments]**
- Framework/Technology used: **[Dev-Framework]**
- Programming Language used: **[Dev-Language]**
- User interaction: **[GUI/CLI/VR/other]** 

> Degree of difficulty: **[piece of cake/moderate/ambitious/l33t h4x0r]**

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

[REPLACE WITH: A bullet point list of things the user needs to accomplish, obtain, provide, download, install, buy, etc. in order to use your implementation of "Money Burned".]  

### How to run

[REPLACE WITH: An enumeration of simple, reproducible steps for people with a moderate basic understanding of IT to get the application up and running.]  

### How to develop

For information about the development process of this appliacation please refer to the [development approach documentation](./doc/dev-approach.md).  


## Usage

[REPLACE WITH: Please briefly explain how you appliaction is operated by a user and how configuration works. The first part depends largely on the type of user interaction choosen. Please organize the information as needed (e. g. text, table, screenshots, subsections - whatever makes sense to you and your readers)!]  

## More things to know

[REPLACE WITH: In this section you are free to add further useful information about your project or refer to additional reading in your [doc folder](./doc/). It is optional - please remove, when there is no need for it!]  

---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> PLEASE REMOVE THAT HORIZONAL RULER ABOVE AND EVERYTHING FOLLOWED WHEN DONE!

## Checklist for the repo maintainer and author

Please ensure that you have tackled and completed all the tasks on the list by the time your implementation is published.  

- [ ] Replace all placeholders (in square brackets, except those due to hyperlinks) in this file with meaningful information
- [ ] Have the file [dev-approach.md](./doc/dev-approach.md) reviewed and completed
- [ ] Make sure your project aligns with the minimal [suggested folder structure](https://github.com/Money-Burned/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#folder-structure) 
- [ ] Have the file [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md) reviewed and modified by your needs but please keep it open source; reference to the license terms of the organization including a hyperlink is mandatory
- [ ] Add a `CONTRIBUTING.md` in the root folder of your project, if you'd like to have other people involved with your project

Commit message:

added a few more things to consider when filling in the placeholders

README.md, after:

# Money Burned: [your-repo-name]

This repository is one of several reference implementations of the "Money Burned" application to illustrate the use of a specific development technology/platform. To learn more about it, check out the [organization profile](https://github.com/Money-Burned).  

[A few words about what makes this implementaion useful and relevant. If you feel like it, you can add a single, not too large screenshot (the height should not be more than a third of the visible text - the lower the better) to give an impression of how your implementation will look.]

## Quick facts

- Application type: **[Desktop-/Mobile-/Web-App]**
- Available for: **[OS-and-Runtime-Environments-and-Version]**
- Framework/Technology used: **[Dev-Framework]**
- Programming Language used: **[Dev-Language]**
- User interaction: **[GUI/CLI/VR/other]** 

> Degree of difficulty: **[piece of cake 🍰 / moderate ✌ / ambitious 🧬 / l33t h4x0r 🐱‍👤]**

## Getting started

### Prerequisites

[REPLACE WITH: A bullet point list of things the user needs to accomplish, obtain, provide, download, install, buy, etc. in order to use your implementation of "Money Burned". It's a good idea to also add a short listing or shell snippet of how to fulfill these requirements in one go to make it easier to get started.]  

### How to run

[REPLACE WITH: An enumeration of simple, reproducible steps for people with a moderate basic understanding of IT to get the application up and running. It's a good idea to also add a short listing or shell snippet of how to fulfill these requirements in one go to make it easier to get started.]  

### How to develop

For information about the development process of this appliacation please refer to the [development approach documentation](./doc/dev-approach.md).  

## Usage

[REPLACE WITH: An explanation how your appliaction is operated by a user and how configuration works. The first part depends largely on the type of user interaction chosen. Please be as specific as necessary and organize the information as needed (e. g. text, table, screenshots, subsections - whatever makes sense to you and your readers)!]  

## More things to know

[REPLACE WITH: Further useful information about your project. These can be things such as justified deviations from the requirements and why you considered them necessary. In the case that these considerations are out of proportion to the README, please refer to additional reading in your [doc folder](./doc/). This section is optional - please remove, when there is no need for it!]  

---

> [!IMPORTANT]
> PLEASE REMOVE THAT HORIZONAL RULER ABOVE AND EVERYTHING FOLLOWED WHEN DONE!

## Checklist for the repo maintainer and author

Please ensure that you have tackled and completed all the tasks on the list by the time your implementation is published.  

- [ ] Replace all placeholders (in square brackets, except those due to hyperlinks) in this file with meaningful information
- [ ] Have the file [dev-approach.md](./doc/dev-approach.md) reviewed and completed
- [ ] Make sure your project aligns with the minimal [suggested folder structure](https://github.com/Money-Burned/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#folder-structure) 
- [ ] Have the file [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE.md) reviewed and modified by your needs but please keep it open source; reference to the license terms of the organization including a hyperlink is mandatory
- [ ] Add a `CONTRIBUTING.md` in the root folder of your project, if you'd like to have other people involved with your project
